### ALPHA TESTING AGREEMENT


This agreement (“Agreement”) dated effective October 1, 2019 (the “Effective Date”) between North Inc., having offices at 24 Charles Street West, Kitchener, Ontario, Canada N2G 1H2 (“North”) and the alpha tester (“Alpha Tester”) sets out the terms and conditions under which North will provide Alpha Tester with the opportunity to effectively understand, internally test, and commence development on compatible applications utilizing related application programming interfaces (“APIs”), software, and documentation from North (the “ATP Materials”) prior to its commercial release at no charge in exchange for Alpha Tester’s participation in North’s alpha testing program (“ATP”).
 

ATP Materials.  North will supply Alpha Tester with the ATP Materials as set out in Schedule 1 (ATP) to this Agreement, at no charge, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.  Alpha Tester is responsible for the selection, implementation, and performance of any and all third party equipment used in connection with the ATP Materials, and for compliance with any licenses, conditions, laws, rules and/or regulations respecting the use of any equipment, services or software used in conjunction with the ATP Materials. The ATP Materials will be delivered to the site specified in Alpha Tester’s application to participate in North’s ATP.


Use of ATP Materials.  North hereby grants to Alpha Tester a revocable, non-exclusive, non-sublicenseable, non-transferable, royalty free license to use the ATP Materials and any software supplied as part of or in conjunction with the ATP Materials solely for the purposes of evaluating the usability of the ATP Materials in accordance with the instructions and documentation provided by North, subject to the following conditions:
Alpha Tester will not provide access to any ATP Materials to any third party without the prior written approval of North;
Alpha Tester will adhere to the confidentiality provisions in Section 9 herein in using the ATP Materials, and shall not publish or otherwise publicly disclose, in video, audio, photographic or written form, any images, specifications, code, opinions or other materials relating to the ATP Materials or Alpha Tester’s use of the ATP Materials without North’s express prior written consent;
Alpha Tester will utilize best efforts to observe the behaviour of the ATP Materials, and will provide feedback on the usability of the ATP Materials, including: (i) promptly and accurately reporting any actual or apparent errors, problems, or other issues with the ATP Materials, and (b) providing any other information reasonably requested by North to further the development of the ATP Materials and/or aid in resolving ATP Materials issues;
Alpha Tester will not: (i) remove, deface, cover or otherwise obscure any proprietary rights notice or identification on the ATP Materials, or (ii) attempt to defeat or overcome any encryption and/or other technical protection methods implemented by North with respect to the ATP Materials and/or data transmitted by the ATP Materials; 
Alpha Tester acknowledges that use of the ATP Materials will entail the automatic transmission of certain usage data respecting the ATP Materials (including an ATP Materials identification code to confirm use of the ATP Materials) for use by North in assessing the functionality of the ATP Materials, and Alpha Tester specifically consents to such data transmission; personally identifiable data that is transmitted, if any, will be handled in accordance with the terms of North’s Privacy Policy; and
Alpha Tester agrees that North may at any time request entry to Alpha Tester facilities for purposes of inspecting the ATP Materials (including without limitation inspecting the ATP Materials during use), provided that North gives reasonable notice to Alpha Tester of its intention to inspect the ATP Materials, and that such inspection occurs during normal working hours.  North may repossess the ATP Materials and terminate this Agreement immediately if such inspection reveals any misuse of the ATP Materials or breach of this Agreement.


Return of ATP Materials.  Alpha Tester shall immediately return the ATP Materials to North upon the earlier of: (a) expiration or any earlier termination of this Agreement, and (b) request by North.  The foregoing includes all copies of North software obtained solely under this Agreement; however, as an alternative to returning all such copies, Alpha Tester may destroy or permanently delete any such North software in Alpha Tester’s possession.  The foregoing shall not require Alpha Tester to return to North any software interfaces to the ATP Materials developed by you, provided that such interfaces comply with Sections 4 and 6 herein.


Ownership of Results.  Alpha Tester hereby agrees that North shall own all feedback, ideas, concepts, or changes to the ATP Materials developed or identified in the course of this Agreement or as the result of use of the ATP Materials, and all associated intellectual property rights therein (collectively the “Results”), and Alpha Tester hereby assigns to North all right, title and interest thereto.  Alpha Tester agrees to cooperate fully and to ensure that its designated personnel cooperate fully with North with respect to signing further documents and doing such other acts as are reasonably requested by North to confirm that North owns the Results, and to enable North to register or protect any associated intellectual property rights and/or confidential information.  However, the foregoing shall not be deemed to transfer any ownership of applications or other materials that Alpha Tester develops to be compatible with the ATP Materials, provided that such developments are independently developed by Alpha Tester without breaching Section 6 herein.   


Term and Termination.  The term of this Agreement shall be one (1) year from the Effective Date.  North may terminate this Agreement immediately upon notice to Alpha Tester if: (a) Alpha Tester materially breaches a term or condition of this Agreement; or (b) Alpha Tester becomes involved in any legal proceeding concerning Alpha Tester’s solvency, commences liquidation proceedings, has a receiver or administrator appointed, ceases or threatens to cease operations, or otherwise has a serious and reasonable doubt arise respecting its solvency; (c) if North is required to do so by any law, regulation, requirement or ruling issued in any form whatsoever by any judicial or other governmental body; and (b) upon fifteen (15) days notice to Alpha Tester for convenience. Upon termination, Alpha Tester shall immediately return the ATP Materials to North as well as all North’s confidential information within Alpha Tester care or control, and destroy or delete any North software in Alpha Tester’s possession.  


Title and Intellectual Property.  Alpha Tester acknowledge that the ATP Materials are licensed and not sold to Alpha Tester by North, and that Alpha Tester shall have no right to give the ATP Materials to any third party or to transfer any rights in or to the ATP Materials to any third party or attempt to do so.  Alpha Tester shall not encumber, or attempt to encumber title of the ATP Materials, by making it security for any loan or other obligation, or in any other manner.  Neither Alpha Tester nor anyone acting on Alpha Tester’s behalf shall acquire any intellectual property rights related to the ATP Materials or the Results, including, without limitation, any patents, industrial designs, mask works, copyright, trade secrets, mask works, or trade marks.  Except to the extent that North is expressly precluded by law from prohibiting these activities, Alpha Tester agrees that Alpha Tester will not disassemble, reverse engineer, decompile, translate, deface, modify, create derivative works, adapt or alter the ATP Materials or any part thereof in any manner whatsoever or attempt to do so, unless otherwise expressly agreed to in writing by North.  All right, title and interest in the ATP Materials and any software provided in conjunction therewith shall be retained and reserved for the benefit of North and/or its third party licensors, where applicable.


Disclaimer.  Alpha Tester understand and agree that the ATP Materials are at a pre-commercial stage, that North may not yet have all approvals and certifications necessary for commercial deployment of ATP Materials and that NORTH IS PROVIDING YOU WITH THE ATP MATERIALS ON AN “AS IS” BASIS.  NORTH MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES, CONDITIONS OR COVENANTS WHATSOEVER, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, MERCHANTABILITY, DURABILITY, TITLE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT) WITH RESPECT TO THE ATP MATERIALS, ITS PERFORMANCE OR ITS FAILURE TO PERFORM.  Alpha Tester agree to assume all risks associated with Alpha Tester’s use of the ATP Materials. Alpha Tester agrees to take prudent and appropriate measures to backup data and otherwise protect against the loss of data, damage to the integrity of files or damage to Alpha Tester’s resources.


Limitation on Liability.  NONE OF NORTH AND ITS RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES OR ANY OF THESE ENTITIES’ RESPECTIVE DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES OR CONSULTANTS SHALL BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, BE THEY DIRECT, ECONOMIC, COMMERCIAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY OR INDIRECT DAMAGES, EVEN IF THEY HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOSS OF BUSINESS REVENUE OR EARNINGS, LOST DATA, DAMAGES CAUSED BY DELAYS, LOST PROFITS, OR A FAILURE TO REALIZE EXPECTED SAVINGS. The limitations, exclusions and disclaimers set out herein shall apply whether an action, claim or demand arises from a breach of warranty or condition, breach of contract, negligence, strict liability or any other kind of civil liability connected with this Agreement.  Some jurisdictions do not allow limitations or exclusions of certain types of damages and/or implied warranties and conditions.  The limitations, exclusions and disclaimers set forth herein shall not apply if and only if and to the extent that the laws of a competent jurisdiction require liabilities beyond and despite these limitations, exclusions and disclaimers.  


Confidentiality.  This Agreement, any information in and related to the ATP Materials, the testing activities hereunder and the Results are all confidential information belonging to North.  Alpha Tester agree not to disclose any of North’s confidential information (or provide access to the ATP Materials) at any time during or after the term of this Agreement, to any person other than to those personnel who are designated to access the ATP Materials under Section 2a) above, and then only to the extent that they: (a) need to know the information to undertake the activities herein; (b) have been made aware of the confidential nature of the information; and (c) have agreed to abide by the terms and conditions set out in this paragraph.  Alpha Tester further agree not to use or reproduce any of North’s confidential information except for the purposes and to the extent necessary to conduct the activities under this Agreement.  Alpha Tester will keep all of North’s confidential information in a secure location, and will take reasonable care to protect it from unauthorized disclosure, theft or misuse, which reasonable care shall be no less than that it takes to protect Alpha Tester’s own confidential information.  Alpha Tester may not assign this Agreement or any rights granted hereunder to any third party.  Alpha Tester agree that the unauthorized release or use of the ATP Materials and Results may irreparably harm North, and that monetary compensation or other remedies at law may not be adequate to repair such breach. Accordingly, Alpha Tester agrees that North shall be entitled to injunctive relief to prevent or curtail any such unauthorized release or use, threatened or actual. Alpha Tester hereby waive any requirement for the posting of a bond or other security in connection with such injunctive relief. Such injunctive relief shall be in addition to any other rights provided North hereunder, or at law or in equity.


Indemnification. Alpha Tester shall indemnify North with respect to, and hold North harmless from, any and all claims, judgments, damages, liabilities, and expenses arising at any time during or after the term of this Agreement as a result of or in connection with Alpha Tester’s use of the ATP Materials hereunder.


Survival. The provisions of this Agreement that under a commercially reasonable interpretation reveals that the parties likely would have intended such provisions to survive termination or expiration of this Agreement, including without limitation, Sections 3, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, and 12 shall survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement.


Miscellaneous.  This Agreement is to be construed under the laws of the Province of Ontario, excluding any body of law governing conflicts of law.  The parties agree that the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is hereby excluded in its entirety from application to this Agreement.  If any provision of this Agreement is void or is declared void, the provision shall be severed from this Agreement, which shall otherwise remain in full force and effect.  The Agreement may only be modified in writing signed by the parties.  This Agreement may be signed in two or more counterparts each of which together will be deemed to be an original and all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument.  Signing of this Agreement and transmission by facsimile document transfer will be acceptable and binding upon the parties hereto. 
